Add the `#[diagnostic]` attribute namespace and the `#[diagnostic::on_unimplemented]` feature to the reference (#1449)
rust-lang/reference: src/attributes/diagnostics.md

### The `diagnostic::on_unimplemented` attribute

The `#[diagnostic::on_unimplemented]` attribute is a hint to the compiler to supplement the error message that would normally be generated in scenarios where a trait is required but not implemented on a type.
The attribute should be placed on a [trait declaration], though it is not an error to be located in other positions.
The attribute uses the [_MetaListNameValueStr_] syntax to specify its inputs, though any malformed input to the attribute is not considered as an error to provide both forwards and backwards compatibility.
The following keys have the given meaning:

* `message` — The text for the top level error message.
* `label` — The text for the label shown inline in the broken code in the error message.
* `note` — Provides additional notes.

The `note` option can appear several times, which results in several note messages being emitted.
If any of the other options appears several times the first occurrence of the relevant option specifies the actually used value.
Any other occurrence generates an lint warning.
For any other non-existing option a lint-warning is generated.

> All three options accept a string as an argument.
> The text in the string may contain the following format parameters which provide substitutions in the generated message:

Reviewer: If this is the actual intention here, then I think an edit like the following would make sense:

```suggestion
All three options accept a string as an argument, interpreted using the same formatting as a [`std::fmt`] string.
Format parameters with the given named parameter will be replaced with the following text:
```

Author: That sound reasonable for me and that mirrors the actual implementation after the fix implemented in https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/122402

* `{Self}` — The name of the type implementing the trait.
* `{` *GenericParameterName* `}` — The name of the generic argument's type for the given generic parameter.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Invalid format strings may generate a warning, but are otherwise allowed, but may not display as intended.
Format specifiers may generate a warning, but are otherwise ignored.

```

Author: That sound reasonable for me and that mirrors the actual implementation after the fix implemented in https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/122402
